AB Preilu sulfur X-ray inspection system Anritsu help control the quality of their products and keep the company as a responsible manufacturer, the image of AB Preilu sulfur X-ray inspection system Anritsu help control the quality of their products and keep the company as a responsible manufacturer, the image of AB PREIĻU siers It is the largest cheese producer and exporter of Latvia. Founded in 1972, the company currently produces a large part of production for export. AB PREIĻU sulfur produces about 20 tons of cheese and dairy products - a variety of hard cheese, dried milk products and curd cheese. The company's modernization and expanding range of products, has become more important comprehensive quality control task. The company currently cheese production is carried out by using modern, fully automated technology. The technological process is a closed cycle in this way contains no contact with air, - means ensuring uniform quality. If you decide to move from the metal detector control system to the production control system, based on X-ray technology, AB PREIĻU sulfur invite tenders among the three other proposals AB PREIĻU sulfur production engineer Valery Haritonov words: "UAB Pralo" solution surpassed the optimal price and performance ratio, secured with the Japanese manufacturer Anritsu mark and produce the best results of the testing. " Japanese X-ray inspection systems manufacturer Anritsu introduces a fundamentally new quality control and monitoring system, which is characterized by extremely high sensitivity and is suitable for a wide range of tasks use. AB PREIĻU sulfur X-ray inspection system checks Anritsu vacuumized cheese blocks, packed in cardboard boxes - up to 20 tons daily. X-ray inspection equipment manufacturing plant essential instrument. Anritsu solution AB PREIĻU sulfur minimizes the risk of product distribution, which may contain extraneous solids - kURIOS could pose a risk to consumers. Maximum sensitivity control system allows you to protect products from potential foreign objects entering the risk accordingly protecting AB PREIĻU sulfur brand and the company as a responsible manufacturer, the image of Latvia and foreign countries. UAB "Pralo" proposed decision Anritsu best consistent quality of equipment and service options. Solution easily adapting to daily life and helps our company to successfully cope with the tasks ahead of - the end user to provide products whose quality can be guaranteed, "- summed up the AB PREIĻU sulfur production engineer Valery Harintovas.