QAD Warehousing - is a fully integrated inventory management system for medium and large industrial and logistics companies. The system developed by the US company QAD, has more than 35 years developing specialized software solutions. QAD systems are widely used by many industrial and logistics companies in 90 countries worldwide. QAD Warehousing automates many common storage functions, extends the functionality and streamlines inventory management. This decision is consistent with the needs of companies whose activities require a flexible and powerful inventory management system. Extending ERP system QAD Warehousing product fully exploited the potential of storage. QAD Warehousing benefits adapted to the specific activity. The module is designed according to the specific stock movements and storage requirements, so it can maximize customer satisfaction. Fast system setup. QAD Warehousing can be installed within a few months. Quick return on investment. QAD Warehousing intensive businesses have full traceability of the movement of goods in stock, a clear description of the goods storage. Therefore it can make optimal use of the storage area, avoid making mistakes by moving between places of storage and dispatch of the goods. Using barcode and / or RF technology, automated product acceptance / issuance processes. This makes it possible to optimize the warehouse operating costs and increase profitability. QAD Warehousing main features: Integration with QAD 2013 real-time storage of user defined logic. You can select more than 100 items laying algorithms. Flexible resupply according to pre-defined levels of automated goods replenishment / packaging. Work Scheduling and management of effective planning and control of the resources of barcodes and RF systems support Capacity calculations for efficient warehouse space for the exploitation of cross-connections, the transfer of goods from the receiving area in front of the exit zone. If you are interested in this product or would like to learn more about the possibilities for its use, please contact us by filling out the form below. Or call 8-685-40743. For a more complete QAD Warehousing QAD See the website