"Cēsu Alus its production marks a new Linx CJ400 printers" Cēsu Alus its production marks a new Linx CJ400 printers Joint Stock Company "Cēsu beer" - one of the most modern breweries in the Baltic countries of Latvia and the beer market leader. Since 2000, the company invested in its expansion to 50 million. Euros to build a new production and brewing workshops, warehouses, installation of biological water treatment plants, cans filling line - one of a kind in Latvia. "Cēsu Alus wide product range covers eight categories of drinks: beer, cocktails, cider, energy drinks, kvass, juices and other soft drinks. The manufacturer, which produces a daily basis and then immediately marked by an average of 260 000 containers were filled to produce a day, čiurkšliniam inkjet printer is a necessary requirement for the reliability and continuous ink spray, as well as the ability to ensure the quality of the labeling on cans. "Cēsu beer producers in another special requirement for the labeling of the plant was the printer and the ease of working maximally automated operation and equipment maintenance, requiring minimal operator intervention. "Cēsu Alus, having experience with another manufacturer's printer for labeling applied to UAB Pralo" with a request to select a new innovative solution. UAB Pralo "- the official representative of the Linx printer and distributor in Lithuania and Latvia. After the client's needs and requirements of the system discussion, the company was offered a new inkjet printer Linx CJ400 jet. Compare "Pralo" proposal with four other alternative manufacturers, "Cēsu Alus decided and chose the Linx CJ400 printer. "When choosing a printer output marking essential factors for us was the service option as well as the printer's ease of use and reliability of the print head - respectively minimal employee intervention labeling process, meaning less potential errorsprobability, - said samples Discussions Categories Rules AS Cēsu Alus technical department. Linx CJ400 prints up to 3 lines of information: batch number, date, time, and other texts on almost all porous and non-porous surface. Uninterruptible ink spray technology thanks to the printer can print the information on the product, moving production line, without any direct contact with them. In addition, it has the opportunity to quickly change indicated on the information without lengthy setting, configuration procedures. "We were pleasantly surprised by the printer Linx CJ400 ease of use and reliability of the print head, the maintenance periods - every three months, it saves ink consumption with respect to the solvent and increase productivity. Also, a definite advantage compared to competitive analogues, is the printer's ease of use, "- supplemented by AS Cēsu Alus technical specialist Andis Grube. Color touch screen is easy to use. User Guide helps you quickly get started with the printer. Automatic text optimization function (PrintSync) and the line speed awareness to ensure good print quality, regardless of the line speed. A wide range of ink enables the use of the Linx CJ400 virtually any industry, ease of use removes a significant share of the cost, and convenient user interface does not require a highly skilled operator.