Fully integrated modular ERP (ang. ERP) system for medium and large manufacturing companies. The system developed by the US company QAD, has more than 35 years developing specialized software solutions. QAD Enterprise Applications system widely used by many manufacturing companies in 90 countries worldwide. ERP system QAD Enterprise Applications implements comprehensive supply chain management, covering the supply, production, distribution, finance and customer service scalable, open system environments. The system can be easily adjusted for cyclical and continuous production of finished goods distribution, a single order and mass production. Software solutions provide the light of the specific industry characteristics and together can react to individual companies' needs and market conditions. QAD - a system designed for your industry in one business management solution may not be suitable for all businesses. QAD has developed a solution that is adaptable to different industries and ensure the quality of business management. 6 industries 300,000 users in 100 countries QAD Enterprise Applications benefits tailored specifically to the area of activity system is designed according to the specific industry-specific requirements, so best to meet the customer's needs. Fast system setup system can be installed in a few months, and the full system (production, finance and distribution modules) - within 4 months; An open and flexible system The system is easily configurable, has special interfaces for the exchange of information with other applications, easily expandable with additional modules. Quick return on investment using QAD Enterprise Applications companies can more accurately plan production, management of raw materials and the need for equipment load, calculate the actual cost to react quickly to market changes. This makes it possible to optimize the company's operating costs and increase profitability. Localization Product localization involves moresand, the language capabilities of the local tax system support (between countries) and adaptation to the local financial and business practices. QAD Enterprise Applications are available in many languages. The database can simultaneously connect users from different countries. QAD trust and the world's largest automotive component manufacturers: Customer Reviews: "QAD has links with a number of programs, such as our VPN, enterprise systems management system EDI, warehouse management system, e-banking, and many others, our internally developed applications." - Autoliv "We chose QAD for functionality, easy installation and cost." - METALSA Our customers Lithuania QAD customers in the world food industry goods Medical Electronics industry More information: www.qad.com QAD Brochure in English 2016