Effective secondary packaging labeling - a challenge faced by almost all manufacturing companies. Highly sensitive this issue is the producer of many different products, where the secondary packaging should be marked with frequently changing information, such as different product names, dynamic barcodes, dates, batch numbers or other. Since packaging templates for printing houses are ordered in advance and in bulk, variable information printed packaging production stage is extremely inefficient - requires high cost, time consuming and does not allow the flexibility to respond to developments and changing customer needs. The British company Linx Printing Technologies produced in secondary packaging labeling equipment IJ355 IJ357 can on each secondary packaging print unique information "here and now" - immediate and immediately packing place. Using Linx IJ series printers no longer need to buy expensive labels, ribbons or packing boxes with pre-printed notes. In addition, the size of the text and content replaced immediately - this way does not drain your labels and boxes pilot printing. Stumbras AB - one of the oldest and largest manufacturers of alcoholic beverages in the Baltic region, which combines the classical methods of production of the new technology. No exception and secondary packaging labeling - as the printing of bar codes and product names change frequently, so the company uses modern tools and uses the Linx IJ355 The main criteria that influenced Stumbras "secondary packaging labeling to choose the Linx IJ355, the printer mobility, competitive price and the economy - using an innovative "Refresh" system at the lowest operating costs unnecessarily without wasting ink, as a guarantee that every drop of ink is used for printing, and ink used for cleaning returned to the printer. "The biggest advantage of the Linx IJ355 comparedwith other similar solutions is mobility, the printer can no major problems to drag the other devices - it is extremely important for our factory. In addition, the labeling takes place cleanly and economically - ensures that the ink prevent leakage into the environment "- says Stumbras energetic Arunas Šimaitis. Klaipeda is located in chocolates and other confectionery products Roshen "factory of its food products exported to many countries around the world, marking the packages as well as choosing the Linx products - they chose the Linx IJ357 printer. UAB "Roshen" is the Ukrainian confectionery corporation in 2012, entered the 18 place in the world's largest confectionery company "Candy Industry Top 100" list of parts. "The main criteria that guided when selecting software packages marking the manufacturer notoriety, paint cost efficiency and quality penetration of corrugated cardboard and cost," - comments UAB Roshen director Gintautas Lengvinas. Linx IJ355 and IJ375 high definition packages marking equipment is economical and convenient to use. And most importantly, these printers can help reduce production costs and maximize the production line uptime and improve the quality of the carton labeling.