Enterprise Management Systems Enterprise Management Systems Management Systems now Services programming News About Us History Business Philosophy IT-academy of Partners References Contact IT solutions for industry and logistics The official representative of the Baltic States and Belarus are your ambitions and confidence in our innovative IT solutions limitless possibilities of the development of your business by Electronics industry Consumer goods Food industry Medicine Automobile Industrial Products About Us We are a strong team of experts in the field of business management systems and production processes of experts. We aim to become a highly professional partner for manufacturing companies of the Baltic States in the area of IT solutions (from ERP-systems to process equipment). Profitable activities of the company guarantees the investments in its development and in the continuous professional development of employees. Together we create an environment in which we can constantly improve, to realize their professional ambitions, which work well and you can earn good money. Our motto is Win together! for colleagues, customers and partners with whom we cooperate. More History It-academy of business philosophy COUNTRY EXPERIENCE PROFESSIONALS News High printer extends the CIJ-print The Linx 8900 can print both conventional and machine-readable codes, and has many features that speed up daily operations and maintenance ... More Pralo became partner of the company QlikTech Pralo JSC and JSC «Day Q» in January 2015 signed a partnership agreement. Now Pralo its customers have the opportunity to ... More Other news Customer Reviews EASY TO USE AND RELIABILITY Printheads - KEY FACTORS FOR PRODUCT MARKING "CĒSU ALUS" Joint-Stock Company "Cēsu alus" is one of the most modern breweries in the Baltic States and one of the leaders in the Latvian beer market .... More by X-CIstemi ANRITSU, A / O "PREILU SIERS" control the quality of their products and protect the image of companies as responsible manufacturers Company A / S "Preiļu siers" is the largest producer and exporter of cheese in Latvia. Founded in 1972, is now a large part of the ... More STABURADZE TRUST QUALITY CONTROL ANRITSU metal detectors Currently, confectionery «Staburadze» is the leading Latvian manufacturer of quality confectionery products, which includes a range of cakes, pastries, muffins, ... More MARKING USES OF LIFE LAIMA reliable solution LINX «Laima» - is a confectionery and most recognizable confectionery brand in the Baltics. The enterprise turned 140 years and today «Laima» ... More Clients More contacts Str. Geležinio Vilko 18A, LT-08104 Vilnius, Lithuania Tel .: +370 5 230 11 October e-mail: Write to us