1993 Kompsoftas 1993. a group of like-minded founded the company "Kompsoftas, creating, supervising and introducing computerized information systems of Lithuanian industrialists. 1997 Oracle Corporation partner in the development of high-reliability information systems have the necessity to cooperate with innovative database management systems generating company. "Compsoftus" has become a partner of Oracle Corporation. 1997 Compsoftus company expansion and the emergence of foreign partners, the company name was changed to UAB Compsoftus. 1999 QAD alliance partner of Lithuania in order to bring the best global practices, UAB Compsoftus became the QAD alliance partner. QAD Inc. - US company, operating since 1979. and now more than 100 countries around the world, providing our customers with solutions. 2006 NEW Vision Group member UAB Compsoftus joined the New Vision Group and changed its name to UAB Pralo 2007 Linx partner UAB Pralo "has become the official British Linx Printing Technologies, the company's representative in Lithuania. Linx develops and manufactures products and packaging labeling equipment using cutting-edge technical solutions. 2007 Anritsu partner UAB Pralo "became an official Japanese company Anritsu Industrial Solutions representative in Lithuania. Pralo our product portfolio has added the company manufactured industrial metal detectors, X-ray inspection systems and weight control equipment. 2008 renewed cooperation with QAD updated representation agreement with QAD Corporation, which expanded on the basis of QAD represented in the list of products and services and the area. Pralo became the only QAD Inc. representatives of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Belarus. 2013 Pralo SIA implementation of geographic expansion and in order to facilitate its customers, opened a subsidiary company in Latvia. 2014 Pralo stepped into a new stage of development of the company UAB "Pralo 'team of experienced professionals. The company split from the New Vision Group, movedELE to new premises, has developed its new image and changed its logo. 2016 Contract with Odoo UAB Pralo signed a contract with a business management system (BMS) and became the creator Odoo Ready Partner, extending its product portfolio with a new solution for the growing manufacturing and logistics companies. 2018 most professional production of business management systems competence center in the Baltic countries