Procurement module Purchasing module Easily manage suppliers and purchasing orders Improve your supply chain and inventory management Automate your procurement process automatically send purchase orders to its suppliers by volume of stocks Improve your procurement process and stock quantities using the procurement rules, logistics rules, sales orders, planned production volume and so on. Depending on the production plan and delivery terms, select different replenishment methods for each product. Product and account control simple product returns, receipts and quality management according to your needs, you can: Generate preliminary accounts of the advance purchase orders or invoices reception of products; manually create accounts and import lines of the purchase order. Get supplier price lists and product availability data based on the best price accept the selection of appropriate solutions easily import suppliers price lists and links to make better decisions related to purchases, rebates, quantities and specific contract terms. Follow availability of products at the supplier and check your order status on smart gadgets help. Based on supplier prices anticipate their sales prices. Get the procurement statistics Analyze, anticipate and effectively plan their orders through a flexible reporting system is the most accurate suppliers operating statistics: delayed delivery, received discounts purchased. With a lecture by analytical accounts can track the profitability of contracts. One system to control a number of companies Odoo Multi Company rules will save you time and effort to synchronize operations between different companies or stores, use one system - Odoo. Create sales orders, share information about customers, suppliers and products. Simultaneously manage all corporate accounts. You can save time by automating accaitų invoicing among all companies, all correspondence in one place Write, read and automate e-mails in one module, all communication related to the suppliers can be integrated into the procurement orders or suggestions (RfQs), in order to monitor the negotiation process and after-sales service after-sale problems . The problems associated with suppliers to track use complaint management module.