Home / Business Management Solutions / Marking System MeatMaster2 Back MeatMaster 2 - is the production, labeling and loading, as well as traceability management system for meat processing companies. It allows you to efficiently manage the entire production process, fast data recording and transfer them to any of the Company's accounting program. The analysis of the meat industry sector, the stated problem of production and business processes points are created solutions mentioned problems of disposal. MeatMaster 2 software includes 2-tier architecture: Database server clients (Erpo client) Erpo operation of the system is based on client-server architecture. Erpo client (kernel) is independent of the developed plugins. It is thus possible in this versatile software customization according to customer's needs. MeatMaster2 is made up of separate modules, thus easily adapted to the specific needs of the enterprise. MeatMaster2 software is based on the type: Kernel (core) + plugin (plugin) This MeatMaster 2 can be easily modified according to the customer's wishes and ongoing production and business processes. MeatMaster 2 Advantages: Easy integration with a wide range of production possibilities in a certain part of the system development, integration with equipment to transfer to third parties (IT systems integrators) Simple system modulation according to the customer needs the H / W independence MeatMaster 2 is valued customer, because it is independent of industrial equipment in relation to . Completed Our software functionality allows MeatMaster 2 easily adapted according to the customer's existing industrial facilities. In this way, customers avoid: New equipment acquisition cost of large-scale program of work of the system installation time costs MeatMaster 2 Functionality Convenient data import / export business with external control systems, industrial equipment setup and administration of the Consumers, their roles and job administration Label formats administration and Translation Set Distribution (routes, journeys) administration Comfortable different filter sets Marking plug - designed for the analysis of firm-specific internal processes; therefore, allows to solve the majority of process bottlenecks and ensure the productivity and quality . Plugin functionality: The ability to label by product Ability to mark on journey Advanced filter system labeled in quantitative checks Convenient industrial plants and jobs linking of unique stickers for language, the printer, the format and the client code settings, printing MeatMaster2 marking plug is divided into three main functionalities: Data exchanges Sales Order system MeatMaster 2 labeling plug-in "data exchange" tab "data exchange" combines data import / export functionality and allows you to set the parameters for the control of systematic data exchange. Detailed data exchange parameters for data exchange Scheduler Full data exchange control MeatMaster 2 labeling plug-in "Sales Orders" tab "Sales orders" provides an opportunity to enter the necessary information on the partners that their orders schedules and other relevant data. Detailed booking information Entering Sales Order Management Product lists and parameter control MeatMaster 2 labeling applet "System" tab "System" combines industrial installations, reporting, program users, their roles, production printing, and more. detailed operating parameters. The ability to simply and in detail to manage the system settings Convenient scales / print parameters control label design program The Label plugin is created according to the specific problem of meat processing companies in places, so it is full of detail and allows you to manage complex processes Product labeling: According to the tripBy products MeatMaster 2 "harvesting" the prevention of systematic internal processes of tracking and tracing products allow you to control the assembly process and prevent bad picking: Informs about the improper packaging (on request) scanning Tells if reservations fully Bullet Informs if the order line assembling another user warns if read an unknown order line Warns if, after the approval of the boxes are collected more output than the bears MeatMaster 2 "harvesting" export orders after picking procedure approval plugin "harvesting" generate and export the data to a file MeatMaster 2. These data are composed of a certain order formed about the reservation strings. Exporting information: Order no. What's the frequency Unit. Lot No. Name number of pieces and the like. Clients: