It is a quality control process automation solution that covers a wide range of functions from production quality control, instrumentation maintenance discrepancies and document management to internal and external audits, training, risks, supplier management, advanced product quality planning. Best practices to support quality management processes can be configured according to each company's business model, thus ensuring that it meets not only the ISO, TS, FDA, AS, OHSAS, cGxP and other international standards, but also the specific requirements of the company's customers. The challenges facing the company: Cebo structure Document Control of documents base, configurable document management processes and grouping criteria, job setting, document protection, automated document review and traceability of changes. Document revision control, user-friendly document search by keywords or criteria, "paper" versions of the company's document management, information to consumers on changes in revisions, the old revision document capture assurance. Corrective / preventive actions (CAPA), and non-conformities management (NCR) Fully automated corrective / preventive action, non-conformity management and other problem-solving processes, the ability to apply 8D, 5kodėl and others. problem-solving methodology, task assignment employees reminders. Supplier interface can be used to expand the problem-solving process, the system of assigning tasks to suppliers and monitor their status, recorded non-compliances costs, user-configurable reports. Audits Automated process allows significantly shorten the time of the audit and implement it on schedule, staff informed about the actions to be carried out at each stage, you can see the results. The system can be used to perform internal business processes, products, financial, safety, suppliers or any other kind of audits. There is integration with other quality systems management features allow you to createI, copy and store audits templates, generates reports and provides graphical or numerical form. Inspection and statistical process control ensure that checks the data collection takes place on the basis of the most recent revision control plan; reducing the risk of error; ensures that the data is gone for the tolerance limits, the information reaches the responsible persons and will be taken corrective / preventive actions; Control data collection according to a pre-defined product attributes. Risk management is centralized systems help reduce the risk of management time and costs, ensure effective allocation of resources to bear the ISO 14001, ISO 14971 and ISO 9001: 2015 standards. Integrated with document management module, the aid is granted access to relevant documents and procedures. Training Management Automated process management personnel training, training-related information management and maintenance, automatic initiation of training, periodicity of training performance assessment and approval. Polls generation, skills lists the career prospects of planning, the ability to store and track information related to workers (experience, achievements, birthdays). Measuring apparatus maintenance, quickly and easily entered and analyzed information on the measuring equipment, inspection schedules and results, repeated failures and so on. It records all the measuring device related costs; ensure that the service carried out by qualified personnel; Results presented in graphical or numerical reports. Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP) to select and automatically managed by Advanced Product Quality Planning Methodology: Process maps, control plans, product specification management, instructions and checklists, the cause and effects analysis (FMEA), produced the product approval process (PPAP). Provides complete customer requirements and system standardization, significantlyincreased documentation creation and management efficiency, enhance customer satisfaction and profitability. Supplier Management Discrepancies and corrective actions associated with the products supplied conveniently analysis; supplier performance and the quality system assessment; the integration of the module allows you to view the products or suppliers related documentation and drawings; in real time can be monitored suppliers of key performance indicators, and the amount of defective products; supplier performance comparison.