Pralo main business - a business philosophy that is based on universal values and respect for colleagues and partners. Here you can practice to establish a higher education institution acquired knowledge and to continue his professional career. We are youthful and positive professional staff. If you would like to join our team is great to work in a rapidly growing company, please send your resume at this time our team is required: The nature of new customers Contact support with old customers Customer needs analysis Drawing-up of ERP systems for sale Requirements Analytical thinking base ERP systems and database knowledge communicative ability to gain access to new potential customers with excellent English Driver's license Experience ERP sales would be an advantage knowledge of business processes (manufacturing, logistics processes of knowledge would be an advantage) We offer interesting creative work of ERP systems implementation projects in Lithuania and abroad Competitive salary Bonus the salary depending on performance access to training and qualifications Flexible schedule jobs in the modern office center Vini friendly staff and a comfortable working atmosphere resume and cover letter to send e-mail. Email: atrankos@pralo.eu. Mail subject: "ERP system vendor" Job type: Open Source Odoo system; Additional applications / modules development; The data models; Modular architecture of preparation and improvement; Version control system; Generating ideas and solutions quest. Requirements: Education in the IT field; Programming experience in Python; JavaScript knowledge; PostgreSQL knowledge; Knowledge of programming logic; English language skills; Teamwork. We offer you an interesting creative work of ERP systems implementation projects in Lithuania and abroad • Competitive salary • Additions to salary depending on performance • The ability ofokytis and qualifications • Flexible schedule • Working in a modern office location in the center of Vini • friendly staff and a comfortable working atmosphere resume and cover letter to send e-mail. Email: info@pralo.eu. Mail subject: "ERP system programmer" Job Type: Open Source Odoo system; Additional applications / modules development; The data models; Version control system; Generating ideas and solutions quest. Requirements: Knowledge of programming logic; Understanding of object-oriented programming; English language skills; responsibility; Teamwork. We offer interesting creative work of ERP systems implementation projects in Lithuania and abroad; • Competitive salary; • Additions to the salary depending on the results of the work; • The ability to learn and improve their qualifications; • Flexible work schedule; • Working in a modern office location Vini center; • friendly staff and a comfortable working atmosphere. CV and cover letter to send e-mail. Email: info@pralo.eu. Mail subject: "ERP system programming consultant. Job type ERP systems implementation and support customer needs analysis Advising consumers of technical specifications for preparation and coordination of Dossier Preparation Requirements Analytical thinking base ERP systems and databases, knowledge communication skills Excellent English Accuracy, attention Licences knowledge of business processes (manufacturing, logistics processes of knowledge would be an advantage) we offer interesting creative work of ERP systems implementation projects in Lithuania and abroad Competitive salary bonuses to depending on the results of the work opportunities to learn and improve their qualifications Flexible schedule jobs in the modern office Winnie the center of the friendly staff and a comfortable working atmosphere resume and cover letter to send e-mail. email:. Mail subject: "ERP systems consultant," The nature of the ERP system implementation project management tasks for the project team members,their supervision of the implementation and results of quality control; Project planning; Project management documentation development; Project progress monitoring and control; Communication with clients, their expectations of management; Problem solving, change and risk management; Drawing-up and delivery of customer solutions. Requirements Higher education in IT or management field Excellent communication skills in English and Lithuanian IT project management and execution experience of project management methodologies / methodologies knowledge (certificates would be an advantage) Computer Knowledge Good time management and organizational skills, communication skills, team management experience, problem-solving, conflict management skills, negotiation skills Initiative, internal motivation to excel and learn you have the desire to work in meaningful work and a strong sense of responsibility for the tasks assigned to analytical / logical thinking of organization, ownership, focus on results, we offer you an interesting creative work of ERP systems implementation projects in Lithuania and abroad Competitive salary Bonus the salary depending on performance access to training and qualifications Flexible schedule jobs in the modern office center Vini friendly staff and a comfortable working atmosphere resume and cover letter to send by e-mail: atrankos@pralo.eu. Mail subject: "Project Manager" work: the company developed the continuous maintenance and improvement; Generating ideas and the search for solutions. Requirements: Delphi programming experience; Sybase SQL good knowledge; Knowledge of programming logic; Teamwork. We offer: Salary according to competencies; responsible and interesting work to a high level of IT projects; career opportunities. CV and cover letter to send by e-mail:. Mail subject: Delphi programmer "