Warehouse Module Warehouse Module Maximize your storage efficiency of modern warehouse management system operating in the "cloud" Improve the execution of works and duration of proceedings better manage your warehouse with inventory system using double grounding. Get the most effective methods of stockpiling and improve internal operations. Odoo principle of double inventory in stock input, write-off or transformation. All operations are only in inventory between different locations. Reduce stock levels and prevent an excess inventory Take advantage of automatic inventory replenishment methods Reduce stock levels without the risk to remain without supplies. Odoo warehouse module is integrated with the purchasing module. You can set the backlog to a minimum quantity, the system automatically orders placed by suppliers. Enjoy advanced and automated features Intelligent systems will with extremely simple user interface with a few clicks to control complex transmission, transfer and storage of several works. Complex sending just a few clicks, you can create a complex transfer between different products so that they are automatically sent to the buyer. Transhipment Order goods in terms of weight, size, quantity and spread to certain places that the new batch easily be forwarded to its rightful place. Several warehouses Create conditions that stocks are distributed automatically maintaining optimal inventory levels. Keep track of every movement of stocks can track their stocks following the past and future inventory purchases. Follow each stock starting away not only his stock, but wherever they go. When viewing all tracing flows notice of where and what happens to a particular product or consignment. Observe the results that your store to operate profitably Gautike clear and complete report so you can make the right decisions. Create a personal dashboard (Eng. Dashboard) that easily ir quickly to analyze the desired performance. With real-time reports, which can create and share anything the company can monitor the situation.