Company management system transport management and optimization system by industry The electronics industry Consumer goods industry Food and beverage industry Medical sector Automotive sector Industrial Goods Industry News About us History Business Philosophy Partners Clients References Contact IT solutions for manufacturing and logistics in the Baltic States and Belarus, to your ambitions and We trust our innovative IT solutions UNLIMITED YOUR bUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES According to industry electronics industry Consumer goods industry Food and beverage industry Medical sector Automotive sector Industrial goods industry about us We are a strong manufacturing business management system for professionals and production process of an expert team that is trying to become the most professional complex IT solutions (ERP systems and technology equipment) partner producers in the Baltic countries. Profitable business operation is guaranteed by the company's investment in the development and ongoing staff professional development. Together, we are creating an environment in which we can constantly improve, to realize their professional ambitions, which are a pleasure to work and have the opportunity to earn good money. Our cry "Win together!" Is dedicated to colleagues, customers and partners with whom we work together. More History IT Academy Business philosophy years of experience in professional public Zina CJ400 LINX LINX software update We would like to inform users of printers LINX inkjet code changes. From this moment the ink necessary to order according to the new codes. Linx ... More high-performance ink jet printer expands printing capabilities Company Linx Printing Technologies has released a new model Linx 8900 - this is a printer with continuous ink supply (CIJ), which ... More More news Customer Reviews STABURADZE QUALITY CONTROL reliable ANRITSU Metaldetectors At present, confectionery factory "Staburadze" is a leading high-quality confectionery producersjs Latvian, whose assortment includes tarts, cakes, muffins, pies, etc. Produced ... More EXPIRY DATE LABELLING Laima LINX uses a trusted solution for the "happiness" - a pastry factory and the best-known confectionery brand in the Baltics. The company remained in 140 years, and happiness today is the largest ... More WITH X-RAY SYSTEM ASSISTANCE ANRITSU A / S 'PREIĻU CHEESE "control quality of their products and protect the company's image MANUFACTURER AS A RESPONSIBLE COMPANY A / S" Preili cheese "is the largest cheese producer Latvian and exporter. The company, founded in 1972, is now the largest of their products ... More Easy Printer HANDLING AND RELIABILITY - KEY FACTORS "CESU ALUS" marking of products from JSC "Cesu beer" is one of the largest breweries in Latvian. Since 2000, the development of the company invested more than 50 More ... Our clients More CONTACTS Pral Ltd. Ulbrokas 23 LV-2021 Riga Tel .: + 371 676 07 844 info.lv@pralo.eu Contact Us © 2017 UAB "Pral ". All rights reserved.