Production Module Production Module A new way to manage the production of modern solution to old problems is no need to keep track of time in accordance with the work center panel production time measured accurately plan their production. Communication in real time during the show Operations task, warn employees about quality, changes, etc., etc. .. All in one fully integrated MRP, Quality, Maintenance and PLM. Shops Automation Using the API, real-time information to make the most out of their equipment. Everything you need in one system Simple + Powerful = Lean Engineering PLM ⇒ Raw material version of the document production engineering Routes ⇒ Tasks Planning ⇐ Control Panel work orders Supply chain APS Routes procurement rules Quality Control Points Inspections (SPC) Reports Maintenance Device Management Maintenance Request Work Center Panel time tracking Task topic production registration Integration Quality checks Warnings activity Recording Serial number With the help of precise filling suggestions optimize your inventory Use the rules for the production of custom, the minimum reserve rules or basic production schedule to automate auto purchases. Let the planning calculate everything for you. Use routes, restrictions and other tools to optimize inventory levels and avoid shortages. Bar codes - using non-traditional parties, serial numbers or unidentified products, you can use bar codes to speed every stage of operations. Admission Control Assembly Packaging Production orders work orders ... and many more excellent reports and key performance indicators (Eng. KPIs) All relevant information - here and now! Control your productivity with the present tense General Įregimų Efficiency (Eng. Overall Equipment Efficiency - OEE) Report and follow 6the largest loss of the TPM. Follow the maintenance key performance indicators (Eng. KPI), such as the repair time and the device time. Create personalized dashboards that track real-time to the work. Dynamic reports for everything from tracking the price of works of analysis, the overall equipment efficiency, which allows to make better business decisions.